# Real World Temporal Graphs

* `absl` is now a dependency that has been added as a submodule in `external`

# Build 
Builds with cmake run `cmake .`

# Run Benchmark

Can be run on supercloud with `run.sh`

Other runs must be done manually with the `./run` For more information see bellow.

# Explanation of files and programs 

## C++ Programs and Files

### Main Programs

graph_statistics.cpp helps run statistics on a graph as edges are added to it.
IT can either make a graph with a graph generator, or load a graph from a file.  When it loads a graph from a file it can load a .adj file, which have edges without timestamps, or it can load .edges file which have timestamp information on the edges.
Once it has a graph it can either take the order or shuffle the edges and then load them up, every print_freq, it gathers some statitics about the graph and writes it to a file which can later be plotted by plot.py

### Helpers
- parallel.h helps with some minor parallelism which is used to speed up some stuff
- io_util.hpp helps with reading in graph files
- rmat_util.h helps with generating an rmat graph
- graph.hpp is a basic graph data structure mostly used to abstract away our graph definition if we want to use something better latter
- graph_generators.hpp generate different types of graphs

## Python Programs 
- plot.py can read in the csvs generated by graph_statistics.cpp and plot them

## Bash Scripts
These are helpful scripts designed to make the process of running analytics across many graphs easier
- run.sh: This is the main script which launches all the jobs on supercloud
- gen_graphs.sh: This launches a job to run analysis on a generated graph of the given type.  Modify it if you want to change any parameters of the generated graphs.
- gen_plot.sh: This makes the plots, run after gen_graphs is done
- adj_graphs.sh: This runs analytics on a given static graph inserting the edges in random orders.
- adj_plot.sh: This makes the plot for the static graphs
- adj_gen_graphs.sh: This starts with a static graph, and then adds edges from a graph generator, it tries to match both the node count and the edge count from the static graph so that it inserts to the same nodes, and ends with half of the graph being from the static graph and half the edges being from the generator.
- adj_gen_plot.sh: plots the above
- edges_graphs.sh: Loads a dynamic graph and runs analytics on it, first run is the true order, all others will be in random order
- edges_plot.sh: plots the above
